create a service account only for the kubernetes registry (#351)
owncloud/ocis-charts: charts/ocis/templates/_common/registry/kubernetes/README.md

# oCIS "kubernetes" service registry

oCIS services uses the go-micro registry for service discovery.

> The "kubernetes" registry implementation uses pod metadata annotations. Therefore oCIS needs to write and read pod annotations via the Kubernetes API. Therefore it needs a service account that grants permission to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "kubernetes" registry implementation uses pod metadata annotations. Therefore oCIS needs to write and read pod annotations via the Kubernetes API. This requires a service account that grants permission to do so. The service account will be created by this chart, if and only if the registry is set to `kubernetes`.
```
